Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh. that's it. baby.
Yeah.
"Baby"?
I'm over a thousand years old.
Are you not having a good time?
Well. there's just
not much thrill left
in feeding on the willing.
Then should I try
pretending not to want it?
Only if you're
very. very good at it.
Stop. Get off me!
You sick bloodsucking bastard.
Off you go.
Tell your manager
you were magnificent.
I'll back up your
story if he calls.
I was beginning to think
you weren't going to
accept my invitation. Lorena.
For a vampire.
you're a terrible liar.
Mm.
Tell them to go away.
Shh. It could be anyone.
Who's there?
Isabel. from the summit.
And who is this?
His name is Hugo.
He is mine.
I could see how worried you were
about Sookie
infiltrating the Fellowship.
And I thought Hugo could help.
And why would you wanna help us?
Because Godric is
my sheriff. not yours.
It would be criminal of me
to let you take such a risk
without my at least offering.
And why would you wanna help us?
Well. I would do
anything for Isabel.
Forever. and not
just my forever.
your forever. and
forever and forever.
It's true. he would.
He loves her.
You. he loves you very much.
And I him.
Consider my offer.
If nothing else. with Hugo there
Sookie will be less
likely to arouse suspicion.
People of the church.
they have a way of
not trusting a woman
when she's absent a man.
Bill. I have to say
as a woman who's been
absent a man most of her life.
that could not be more true.
I considered booking you
in the room adjoining theirs
but I thought that might
be a bit over the top.
Why am I here. Mr. Northman?
We want the same
thing. you and I.
Okay. Bill has something I want
and he's in the way.
His human?
No. she's something
more than human.
What is she?
That I do not know.
But whatever she
is. he loves her.
What makes you
think I want him back?
That I'd even take him?
Because you didn't come
all this way just to see me.
I haven't seen Bill
Compton in over 70 years.
Surely you can't think I have
any pull over him whatsoever.
I haven't seen my maker
for much longer than that.
and yet I am still loyal to him.
Fiercely loyal.
Shame I didn't turn you.
Then again.
you're not really my type.
Enjoying the entertainment?
Oh. yes. Very much.
Yes. he's wonderful.
Just wonderful.
He is quite wonderful.
I love your necklace.
It's extraordinary.
Oh. thank you. I love it
too. It was a gift from Sidney.
Yeah. it cost me a pretty penny
but. uh. got me out of a
whopper of a fight. huh?
Right. doll?
Hey. uh. where'd you say you two
were all from
again? Was it Miss...?
Olivier. Uh-huh.
Faviana Olivier. And we
are from Europe. France.
I'm hoping to hop over
the pond sometime soon.
take this one with me.
I've always wanted
to see Europe.
You would like it. And it
would certainly like you.
You seem European already.
Most Americans these
days are so puritanical.
Fuck prohibition.
Sidney. Yes.
He's so crass.
But he's right.
Fuck prohibition.
If you'd like. after your
other guests leave.
Guillaume and I could
stay and we could all
fuck prohibition
somewhat further.
Absolutely. Okay.
Wonderful.
This gentleman is wonderful.
Bravo. WOMAN 2: Smashing.
Bonsoir.
I am Guillaume.
Enchanté.
Hey.
What happened here?
Oh. baby. if you
don't wanna tell me...
It's all right. Heh.
It's just when I
take my clothes off.
it's all anybody ever sees. Hm.
The answer is I... I don't
know what happened.
You mean you don't
remember? Oh. I remember.
Heck. I'll never forget it.
I just never got a look at who
or what it was that jumped me.
Jesus. Where were you?
In the woods. running.
And then whatever
it was. it was on me.
It slashed me.
And then I was sick.
real sick. for weeks.
Doctors couldn't
figure out what it was.
They told me I was
lucky to be alive.
and I should count my blessings.
And I still do. every
single day of my life.
You are the most amazing person
I've ever met.
You're just saying that because
I'm the first honest
sex you've ever had.
No. that's not true.
Have you told anybody
else what you are?
Yeah. My...
My friend Sookie. She knows.
Hm.
And have you slept with her?
No.
Well. I rest my case.
Oh.
Seriously though. Sam.
you shouldn't be
ashamed of what you are.
I'm not ashamed.
I just don't go
around advertising it.
Well. neither do I.
But the people that I
know. the people that I love.
I don't keep it a
secret from them.
Uh-huh.
How come you do?
I guess it's because
it's dangerous out there.
It's like. why take the risk?
Because not taking
a risk is riskier.
That's just wordplay.
No. No. it's not.
The way I look at it.
if you're gonna take the danger
out of getting to know someone
might as well not
bother with them at all.
You've gotta share
this life with people.
It's what we were put on
this big old round ball to do.
And people. they
need to know you.
You're just too damn
special for them not to.
Where the fuck
did you come from?
I'm looking for a pump for
an A.O. Smith water heater.
Can you hold on?
Mm-hm. Yeah. I'll hold.
Shit.
Want me to take a look
and you can hold the line?
That was some spiteful
shit. what you said.
I got this. okay? I'm
the man of the house.
Uh. no offense. Karl.
None taken.
How's your coffee?
Ugh. Colder than that
ridiculous excuse for a shower.
I don't know what to tell
you. I wish I had a fancier crib
for you to squat
in. but I don't.
Tara. you may not
know this about me.
but without a hot
shower in the morning.
I have no tolerance for sarcasm.
Sorry. You still there?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm here.
Yeah. we got one. TARA: You do?
Yep.
Great. We'll be there
as soon as we can.
Hardware shop in Ferriday's
got the part we need.
Ferriday is over two hours away.
It's an old water
heater. Maryann.
I called everyone I could
within a 150-mile radius.
This guy's the only one
who's got a pump that'll fit it.
So do you want somebody
to go get it or not?
Drive like the wind.
Maybe Eggs ought to come...
No. I want him working
on the water heater
in case he can
jury-rig something
so I can take some
semblance of a shower.
Maryann. I think you're
overestimating your plumber.
Besides. if I
have to drive a car
and look at a map at the
same time. I'll crash your Jag.
I know I will.
You can go. Go. go. go!
Cool.
Ow!
Where you been. Stackhouse?
We're 10 minutes late.
Didn't they say what
they wanted to see us for?
All they said was to grab you
and get our butts down
to the sanctuary lawn.
Why. you think
it's something bad?
It can't be good.
Good morning.
Think you can handle it? Yeah.
Oh. yeah. It's just a...
Well. it's a platform
with a cross on top of it.
Seems pretty straightforward.
Good. Good. good.
Uh. look. I'm sorry.
but the rest of the group.
they're back at
camp training. right?
Shouldn't we be with them?
Um. I mean.
we ain't being punished
for something. are we?
Jason Stackhouse.
of all the things.
Now. what would we
be punishing you for?
Um...
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Well. then how
about you stop sulking
and try to be a little thankful
for the job you've been given?
I shouldn't have to remind
you. but Jesus was a carpenter.
Oh. my golly.
You know. I didn't even
think of the parallels.
Should we tell them?
I don't think that's
such a good idea.
They're the best of the
best. They deserve to know.
Now. can you boys keep a secret?
I hope so. I'll take
it to the grave.
This platform we're having
you build. it's for a ceremony.
Have either of you ever heard
the expression "meet the sun"?
You for real?
Steve... Sarah. I'm talking.
Luke. you wanna do the honors?
Well. if it's what I read
about on the Internet.
meeting the sun's
when you take a vampire
and chain him to the
cross just before dawn.
When the sun comes up.
the congregation gets to
watch from the bleachers
as a vampire ignites.
sent to his fiery
grave once and for all.
Ding-ding-ding!
Jesus Christ.
Well. yes. him. but the sun too.
Get to work. boys.
You should probably wear this.
Oh. Hugo.
Yes. Yes. a thousand times. yes.
And also. um. just
so that they believe
that we're a couple
about to get married.
it'd probably be best if you
let me do most of the talking.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I'll just
shut up and look pretty.
That's not what I
meant. Yes. it was.
It's okay. It'll be easier
to listen in on others
if I don't have to worry about
carrying on a conversation.
Good. good. But if they
do ask you any questions.
are you sure you're
gonna be able
to say the things about vampires
that they're gonna
wanna hear? Hugo.
I don't just hear the things
that hateful people say.
I hear the things
that are so hateful
that hateful people don't
even wanna say them out loud.
Don't you worry about me.
I've got plenty of material
to work with. I'll be fine.
Good.
It's funny. I don't
even know you really.
but you're the only other person
I've ever met who's
dated a vampire...
What do you wanna know?
Um. everything.
L-Like do you and
Isabel ever fight?
Oh. we fight like crazy.
But I've been with women
I didn't fight with before.
And with every
one of them. I found
the only reason
that we never fought
was because I didn't
care enough to bother.
Oh. Hugo. that is messed up.
Maybe. But it's also true.
It's funny. but whenever
Bill and me fight.
even as I'm screaming
and I'm so mad.
I don't think I'm
ever gonna stop.
somehow. in the
middle of all that.
I know we're both
fighting for our relationship.
For each other.
We're fighting to stay together.
Do you...?
Never mind.
What?
Lately.
the thing Isabel and I have
been fighting about the most
is whenever I bring up the
subject of her turning me.
she just shuts down.
She won't even discuss it.
Is that a thing that
people actually do?
Because it never
even occurred to me.
How could it not? I mean.
right now it's all well and good
but in 50 years. when
they're still what they are.
but we're in our 70s and 80s
and we're hunched over
and frail and using walkers?
Come on. How could
they still love us?
Huh.
We... We should go.
Listen. I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have
told you that. I...
It's okay. Hugo. really.
Besides. now if I
die today. who cares?
I'll never have to feel old
and unloved and unwanted.
Right.
"Bitches. don't you
know that sarcasm
and cold water do not mix?"
Oh. shit.
All right. so the next
thing you wanna do
is hop on the 165 South.
Excellent. You're a hell
of a navigator. you know?
Eggs?
Okay. there's gonna be a diner
that's built out
of an old red barn
coming up around the bend.
You been here before?
No. never.
Now. why the fuck
did I know that?
All right. you're
freaking me out.
You better not be
fucking with me.
No. no. Turn right here.
Eggs. tell me what's
going on. I don't know.
Just turn right
here. Come on. Shit.
Eggs.
Where you going. Eggs?
You still up for doing
something after work tonight?
Yeah. Sure.
Good. because I
just got off the phone.
and. uh. I've got a
surprise lined up for you.
Huh.
I don't like surprises. Arlene.
Well. that's too bad.
because I just happen to be
an extremely mysterious woman.
Can I get y'all anything else?
How about that iced tea I
ordered five minutes ago?
Oh. my gosh. I am so sorry.
I'll be right back with that.
And some Worcestershire.
Any chance I'll get it? Zero.
She's about the
worst I've ever seen.
Well. maybe it's for the best.
Seems like lately if
you're too good a waitress
someone's gonna
come along and kill you.
You are so bad. Maxine.
Hey there. Sam. Lafayette here?
In the kitchen.
I've been noticing some
strange things about you lately.
Like?
Like the fact that you just up
and vanish for over two weeks.
And like the fact that
now that you are back.
you seem to have lost
some of your pizzazz.
My pizzazz? That's right.
Now. in case you didn't hear.
Lafayette. a woman's dead.
A woman that just
so happened to have
ripped off your
cousin and your auntie.
So for the record. where
were you all that time?
I was on a cruise.
A cruise. huh?
What kind of cruise?
A gay one.
Why don't you tell me
what you're accusing me of?
You weren't on any
damn gay cruise.
Because if you were.
you would have come back
with more pizzazz. not less.
So how about you and I go down
to the station
and I lock you up?
Leave you in a cell
to rot until you confess.
Or you can just tell me now.
Because I already know
what you were doing.
You were hiding
out. Lying in wait.
You killed that woman
and cut her heart out.
Now. tell me I'm not right.
Leave him alone. coz.
Terry. you need to shut up.
And you need to get up.
Think I will take you
down to the station.
I said get the fuck up!
What the hell. Andy?
Back when we were kids
and we used to play
Cops and Robbers
in Me-maw and Pa-po's backyard.
you always used to make
your arrests with dignity.
This ain't the kind of
cop you set out to be.
And by the way. everybody knows
that you ain't even
a cop anymore.
Get the hell out of here.
But he's a suspect.
No. he ain't.
And even if he was.
does he look like he's
about to run to you?
All right. you're right.
Um...
I'm sorry. Mr. Reynolds.
Okay.
Okay. buddy.
Uh...
Come here. Come here.
Yeah. come here.
Close your eyes.
Close them. Close them.
That's good.
Now. I want you to imagine
a golden glowing ball
radiating warmth and safety.
That's good.
Activation required.
Hoyt.
You remember Bonita Lou Morris.
Nice to see you
again. Miss Morris.
I paid that bill last week. I
wanna know why my phone
is telling me
"activation required."
Because I canceled it.
Goddang it. Mama.
Now Jessica's
probably gonna think
I'm one of those guys
that never text back.
Good. Girls who call boys at
all hours of the night like that
are only looking for
one thing: money.
We don't have any
money. That's not true.
We're very comfortable.
I told you I would let you date
a girl like that
over my dead body
and I meant it.
This is only the first step.
Oh. yeah?
Reactivate it or the next
step's gonna be all mine.
And one last thing
about my girlfriend
that I think both of
y'all need to know.
The reason that Jessica
calls me all late like she does.
is that she's a vampire.
I can't work. And why is that?
Every time I look at that pool
table. I keep seeing you on it
and then I can't think
about anything else.
What do you say
we get out of here?
And go where?
Well. we'll sneak out the back
and shift. and run and play.
Do it out under the sun.
I would love to. but
if I left work right now.
my boss would kill me.
Don't slap me with a
harassment suit for telling you this.
but if you don't go
out back right now
and take off all your
clothes. I will fire you.
Well. we wouldn't want that.
No. we wouldn't.
I'll meet you out back
in two. Make it one.
Help me out. Stackhouse.
What should go there?
Oh! God! Son of a...
You all right?
Yeah. I'm fine.
just... Mm. Stupid.
No. you're just preoccupied.
So come on now. out with it.
And I hope I don't
have to remind you
you're wearing
your ring of honesty.
Yeah. I don't
know. man. I just...
Remember what
you said the other day
about. uh. me only
being sent up on...?
On account of Sarah
wanting my...? My johnson?
Man. that's just
me being jealous.
Even as it was coming
out of my mouth.
I knew God was frowning on me.
Because not only do you deserve
everything coming
your way. but Sarah.
if she ain't the
holiest person I know.
then I don't know who is.
Luke. the day that
we met. you said...
You said that
you'd been abstinent
for the last three years.
That's right.
How come?
Because sex outside
of marriage is a sin.
Now. you really believe that?
It ain't what I believe.
It's what God believes.
But. uh. some sins
are bigger than others.
Like what?
Let's say you're gonna
do it out of wedlock.
gotta make sure the
girl ain't married either.
Right. because adultery's bad.
One of the worst.
Right up there with
incest and bestiality.
What the fu...?
But all of them put
together ain't half as bad
as if you do it to a vampire.
Or to a dude.
Or a vampire dude. that's
like crème de la crème of sins.
Ain't no repentance for that.
Uh-huh. Straight to hell. baby.
But everything else
you can repent from.
Sure. God's a...
He's an open-minded guy.
To a point.
Jason Stackhouse. abstinent.
Sounds good. don't it?
Not really.
Went to the sun to fry.
What?
That is awesome. Stackhouse.
Be here all day.
Why do I recognize her?
Because she's
on TV all the time.
That's Sarah Newlin.
She's the reverend's wife.
Oh. right.
You know. in person. she
looks like vanilla pudding.
Hi there. I just happened to be
looking out the window
as you were driving up.
I thought I'd come on
out and greet you myself.
I'm Sarah Newlin.
And you all are?
Hi. Holly Simpson.
I cannot believe I'm
actually meeting you.
You are cute as a button.
Well. thank you. Holly.
And you're like a cool
breeze on a hot summer day.
Quit. And you are?
I'm... Oh. silly me.
This is Rufus Dobson. my fiancé.
I love saying that word.
In fact. sometimes
I love it so much.
I don't even wanna get married
just so I can keep
on calling him it.
But we're going to.
Get married. that is.
Which is why we're
looking for a church.
Well. excellent. And I'm
pleased to meet you too. Rufus.
Well. it's an honor.
The honor's mine.
Now. how about
you all follow me in
and we'll see if
Steve is available.
I'm sure he'd just
love to meet you both.
For real? Reverend
Newlin himself?
Oh. that would be just super.
Well. come on.
You were gonna
let me do the talking.
When I get nervous.
sometimes I talk too much.
Well. the funny thing is.
Rufus and I actually
met in church.
but we both left.
like. a month later
when we realized that
our pastor was a little iffy.
He was a homosexual.
We don't know that.
He might have been.
but what became all
too clear was that...
he was a sympathizer.
Ugh. See. that
really ticks me off.
I mean. how can you claim
to be a God-loving person
and then love something
that God detests?
It's upsetting.
It is. It is upsetting.
but that's why my
fiancée and I are here.
We wanna make this our new home.
We are thrilled that
you've chosen us.
Wonder how that
platform's coming.
I can't wait to bring that
vampire up from the basement
and watch the sun
do him the justice
that 2000 years
of living couldn't.
It'll be amazing to finally be
amongst like-minded people.
I don't care what anyone says
about vampires being
able to control themselves.
I know better. I know that
every single one of them
is a vicious.
bloodthirsty killer.
You have a lovely home.
Th... Th... Thank you.
You're wel... Wel... Welcome.
We'll enjoy living in it.
Put him in the armchair.
Face it toward the
bed so he can watch.
What? Watch what?
Say "au revoir."
Say it.
Au revoir!
Why are you doing this?
Well. because we can.
Wait. What is it?
I want you to have this.
You are so thoughtful
and generous.
I love you. William Compton.
We've been walking
for over 45 minutes.
You still haven't told
me where we're going.
I said I don't know.
"I don't know"
ain't a place. Eggs.
It's a state of mind. A state
of mind I don't like being in.
What the fuck?
Oh.
Eggs?
I've been here before.
I thought you said...
I know what I said. and...
So I guess I
haven't. but I have.
I don't...
Oh. Tara.
Now. something happened here.
Something horrible happened.
That's pretty obvious.
You think this is funny?
No. but it don't make sense.
When shit don't make sense.
it means there's a
logical explanation.
you just haven't
thought of it yet.
Maybe it's from when
you were a little kid.
Maybe somebody brought you here.
Tara. I grew up in
foster homes in Memphis.
and when you grow up like that.
people ain't trying to take
you on fucking vacations.
Now. I know one thing.
I've been here before.
I just don't even...
Shit.
Is that blood?
We must have walked a mile
and a half. maybe two miles.
and I had no idea
where we were going.
But then we end up
right here looking at this?
Tara. this ain't no
fucking coincidence.
Come on. let's get
you home. Take it slow.
Yep. See you soon.
Careful now.
Careful? About what?
Sometimes when
we open these doors
so much love comes flowing
out that it'll knock you down
if you're not ready for it.
We'll be sure to
brace ourselves.
Oh. my gosh.
I know. I just love it in here.
The way it glows like it does.
Particularly in
the late afternoon.
Oh. it's inspiring. isn't it?
It really is.
Yes. sirree. This is where
we're getting married.
I can't wait to see you
walk down this aisle.
Me either. STEVE: Hey.
Have either of you
ever been to a lock-in?
A lock-in?
Of course she hasn't.
She's no Christian.
Oh. yeah. it's loads of fun.
Come on. Steve. Don't
bring the girl into this.
She's probably so scared.
She doesn't wanna be doing this.
Those vampires made her do it.
They say she can hear me.
I wonder if that fang-loving
freakazoid can hear me now.
She sure don't look normal.
That lock-in does
sound like fun.
Rufus. we gotta go
get our sleeping bags.
But the tour's
not even over yet.
I know. but I think
we really ought to go
so we can come
back for the lockdown.
There'll be plenty of time.
The lock-in is not
until tomorrow night.
You wanted to see me?
Oh. good. Holly. Rufus.
I'd like you to meet
an aide of mine.
This is Gabe. HUGO:
Pleased to meet you.
Hi.
Nice. Very nice. She's got just
the perfect amount
of titties showing.
Gabe here is gonna be
joining us for the rest of the tour.
I know that pig.
Pig!
Hey. pig!
Wait up. pig! Aah!
Oh. Stupid fucking pig.
How amazingly
exhilarating was that?
My heart's still pounding.
I know. Mine too.
Hey. why'd you become a pig?
I was expecting to see
you become a doe again.
Yeah. pig is my go-to shift.
It almost seemed like
Andy recognized you.
You know? The way
he was yelling after you.
like. "Pig! Pig!"
Isn't "pig" exactly what
you would call a pig
that you didn't know?
Yeah. but still.
it's... It's weird.
Hush.
Remember me?
Oh. shit.
Aw. you do. How's life?
Not so good.
Um. is you real?
Hm. this is nice. I could
sleep here in a pinch.
What are you doing here? I
ain't said nothing to nobody.
And I knew you wouldn't.
Why didn't the fuck y'all
just glamour me. huh?
Oh. poor thing. We would have.
but then you wouldn't
remember that you owed us.
Owe you?
Eric sent me with a request.
You're back in business.
Oh. no. I ain't.
I'm out of that shit.
So sorry. but you're very
much back in this shit.
You locked me up and tortured me
for damn-near three
motherfucking weeks
because you caught me selling V.
And now...
Now what?
What the fuck is vampires
doing selling V anyway?
We're not. You are.
Get to work.
Now I'd like to take y'all
to see a very special
part of the church.
There's more? Yes.
my father's tomb.
It's on the lower level.
Honey. are you sure?
Absolutely. darling.
I just don't see why we
need to take them down there.
You can literally feel
the presence of his spirit.
It's okay. We
don't need to see it.
It's the rock our
church was built on.
Like St. Peter's tomb
in the Catholic Church.
only without being
polluted by evil.
Did you know there was
actually a vampire pope
back in the Middle Ages?
Rufus.
- What's the matter?
- It's no big deal.
She just has a tiny little
case of claustrophobia.
We both do. actually.
Well. t least take a
quick little look-see.
You can say you
saw the whole church.
You'll be making
an informed decision.
Steve. STEVE: It's all right.
This is something
they need to see.
But we've already decided
that we're getting married here.
So how about we go back to
our apartment. look at a calendar.
and call you to set the date.
No. Gabe! Get off me!
Hey. What are you
doing? Let me go.
Is something happening
to your human?
Lorena!
Let go of me!
Come on.
Hey. a little help here. Gabe?
Pretty sure the banger's
on V. the fucking cunt.
Steve. Help!
I made you. Your
blood knows mine.
You will never
physically overpower me.
I got her.
I'm sorry.
Stop fighting me. goddamn it.
- Let me go!
What the hell?
Just when I thought today
couldn't get any
fucking freakier.
People are pigs.
You got that right.
Here. Take this joint.
Shouldn't have
smoked that joint.
because this is really
freaking my shit out.
I feel like that kid in E.T.
Except instead of
following Reese's Pieces.
we following clothes.
I ain't never seen E.T..
but Reese's Pieces
sound real good right now.
Ha-ha. Don't they though?
Who is it?
It's. uh... It's Hoyt.
Hoyt?
Come on. open up. I know
you must be mad at me.
I'm so sorry. My mama
canceled my cell service
and I had no way to
get in touch with you.
I got here as fast as I could.
I'm so sorry. Jessica.
I can't believe it. You
came all this way?
You're not mad at me?
No. I'm so happy I could cry.
but I don't want to. because
it's really gross when I do.
I'm sorry about the flowers too.
I got them in Bon
Temps before I left.
It was just really
hot in my car.
No. they're beautiful.
Hello.
Steve? Sarah?
Anyone?
I'm up here. Up
here on the balcony.
Oh. hey. Uh. I just wanted
to tell you that Luke and me
we're done with the platform.
Great.
Thank you.
Hey. are you crying?
No.
I'm sorry. You're not
supposed to see me like this.
No. it's okay. Really.
Uh. what's the matter?
It's Steve.
He's not the man
I thought he was.
Sarah. your husband
is a great man.
And I feel bad about
what we did last night too.
But we can't try to make
it easier on ourselves by...
By blaming the victim.
Jason.
you and Luke and all the others.
you're not being
trained to defend us.
He wants to use
you to start a war.
Does that sound like
a great man to you?
What? Well. he's not one.
And I thought he was.
but lately I've been
seeing a side of him
I never did before.
He's vicious and he's cruel.
and he uses the C-word.
And he lies to me. Jason.
Our marriage has
always been a partnership.
but now he's shutting me out.
Uh...
Come on. now. Here.
Don't cry.
There. All gone.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I should go.
When I was a little girl.
I realized that I had a calling.
Uh-huh.
That I was put
here on this earth
to be that great woman
behind her great man.
And when Steve
came into my life.
I thought he was that man.
But now I see it.
clear as day.
I'm supposed to be with you.
Hey. hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
We can't. It's wrong.
You're married. Not in my heart.
Not anymore.
And how can this be wrong
if it's what God's
commanding me to do?
Think God really wants this?
Yes.
You talk to him?
Every single day of my life.
And he wants this. Jason.
Oh. God. I promise.
Okay.
Where are you taking me?
Don't be such a nervous nelly.
It's a surprise.
What? You don't like drums?
No. It's just that
in my experience.
no good can come
from drum music.
Follow it and all it ever leads
you to is hippies and cults.
Not this time.
Whoa! Hey! Unh!
Daphne?
Sorry. Sam.
What the hell's going on?
What the fuck is this?
It's the end of the road.
No! No!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm